Are you all right?
It's okay. It's okay.
Maybe it's too urgent to wait.
It will be fine in a while.
But you still care about people
Do you want my sister to reward you tonight?
You're welcome to this little thing
Really don't need it?
My reward.
It's super super good.
No, no.
Oh, don't be in a hurry to refuse.
Come home for dinner with me first
Sister, your friend?
Sort of, I just met today
Then I'll go to the field to pick some vegetables later.
I'll cook for you tonight
Just have a good chat with your girlfriend
Okay, go quickly, slow down, okay
That's your little sister?
Yeah, he looks good.
Have a stubborn disease
156th
Okay, let's not talk about this
Look at this sweet
It's all ours
What fruits and vegetables do you want to eat?
You can pick it yourself.
Okay, thank you, sister. Okay
Then I don't care about you, I'm going to work too
Feed my old scalper
Then you go first
Well, okay. Bye.